Bitcoin and all digital currencies have
taken a major nosedive as a result of a
new decision by the overlords in China
central bank the prices have come down
significantly in a short period of time
and it's really putting pressure on the
future of Bitcoin and the rest of the
currencies what will happen in the near
future you came here for the truth today
we are going to look at what has
happened with Bitcoin the rest of the
currencies seeing how they have taken a
beating recently as a result of one
major decision let's begin
this is coin market cap shows you all
the different prices of all the
currencies that are out there you can
see very clear we are in the red all the
way down the line you could see the
seven-day price charts on the right hand
side every single one of them coming
down significantly
look at this here where a Bitcoin only
being down 5% is a lot better than
something like etherium which is now 15%
many of these currencies have been
tracking the price of Bitcoin trying to
catch up to Bitcoin but ultimately with
a 70 billion dollar market cap they have
a long way to go so what has happened
with digital currencies is that they
have expanded to a great degree
there are hundreds and hundreds of these
different currencies out there which are
trying to mirror the success of Bitcoin
Bitcoin has been around since 2009 and
some of these currencies which are
nothing more than a token literally they
don't have anything behind them whereas
Bitcoin has a lot of infrastructure and
services and jobs are being created
around it whether you know whatever your
opinion is doesn't matter there's a lot
more to Bitcoin and to some of the major
currencies than there are with the
hundreds and hundreds of other ones that
are out there so what China has done is
try to make this a little bit more
difficult to try to put a little bit of
a stifling on these icy OHS so let's get
into that right now this is right out of
the central bank's website I wanted to
show you the article itself and then
I'll put it in the description under
sources if you want to check it out in
their own word
I wanted to forward into an article that
talks about this it breaks it down a
little bit better
Bitcoin tumbled the most since July
after China's central bank said the
initial coin offerings are illegal and
asked that all related fundraising
activity to be halted immediately
issuing the strongest regulatory
challenge so far to the burgeoning
market for digital token sales so
instead of IPOs they have icy toes in
the show coin offerings and these have
been taking off as I said there are
hundreds and hundreds of these
currencies out there many of them with
nothing there except an idea this
reminds me a lot of the dot-com boom and
bust but I would say that it isn't the
blockchain
it isn't Bitcoin that has a problem it's
there's so many out there that are
simply copycats or nothing at all just
an idea and that is a big problem China
is coming out and saying you cannot have
competing currencies our currency is the
one you need to use or you need to trade
it with other currencies that are out
there delivered by central bank's only
they are the ones who decide who can
have currencies and who cannot I will
just interject for a moment here that I
believe personally that this is a good
sign this is a good sign
because a lot of people want the big
establishments to be taking on Bitcoin
of to be taking on digital currencies in
the blockchain and everything else I
think that this should be left alone I
think that even if they deem it to be
illegal and everything else that that's
a good sign we don't want them to take
part in it we don't want them to do
anything but ignore it we want this to
be ignored
if we wanted to actually have a future
if government gets their hands on any of
this that it would be totally destroyed
we know that so we need to have them
just ignore it fine you could say it's
it legal and we don't want any
infrastructure behind it and everything
will have to be done under the table
that's something else that you know
we'll discuss another day but what I
would say is that what the Bank of
has done is something interesting to me
because perhaps it shows that they're
not on board with Bitcoin this is just
something that I would say is
interesting now a lot of them have been
getting on the blockchain you've seen
now with the different central bank's
you've seen that with the different
establishments but they haven't really
taken a liking to the digital currencies
as much I think they're more interested
in the blockchain itself they don't like
competition that's why they say look if
you are one of the Rothschilds central
banks you can do what you need to do
just you know what we'll all do business
together but okay you want to do your
own currency no no no no not gonna
happen
the People's Bank of China said on its
website Monday that it had completed
investigations into IC o--'s and will
strictly punish offerings in the future
while penalizing legal violations in the
one already completed the regular said
said that those who have already raised
money must provide refunds though it
didn't specify how the money would be
paid back it's just interesting the way
that they're approaching the situation
they knew what was happening a long time
ago they're doing so now I think that
they can see the trajectory of where
this is all heading I think it's all
about competing currencies they know
that people are moving their money out
of the country using Bitcoin and it is
not a good thing because they can't do
what they need to do with people they
want it to be you going through their
financial systems and using the digital
currency is not good for their business
a translation of the statement back on
the one I showed you from the People's
Bank of China's website I see your
financing refers to the activity of an
entity raising virtual currencies such
as Bitcoin or aetherium through
illegally selling and distributing
tokens in essence it's kind of
non-approved illegal open funding
raising behavior suspected of illegal
slow sale tokens illegal security
issuance and illegal fund raising
financial fraud pyramid schemes and
other criminal activities are these
potentially accurate for some of them
that are out there for sure absolutely
some of them are probably garbage they
are just there to steal people's money
nothing
we'll ever be made and it's a fraud sure
that's a fact but are some of these
really good and they can actually be a
successful business in the future no
doubt but that's not the way they look
at it they want competition to be wiped
off the map and they want Central Bank
Rothschild central bank controlled
entities to be the only type of
competition and when you have that
they're going through the financial
systems which they've all agreed upon
they all do business with each other and
they all travel through each other's you
know pathways and everything else they
don't want an alternate that's what I
think bitcoin and digital currencies are
even if it's just a small percentage
even offering these as a potential the
idea even if you know they never become
anything and you know they're all
attracted Trace then whatever it doesn't
matter I just think that the idea there
that you can use an alternate currency
it's upsetting central bank's the
financial establishment that's the way I
see it whether or not you know doesn't
matter what you think about Bitcoin you
think it's a scam or whatever that's
fine you have that opinion I don't have
an opinion all I'm doing is reporting
the information but I just think that
from that central bank point of view
they don't want people to think that
wait a second I don't need to use the
currency that my country is issuing and
then that starts to sort of give them
any other ideas the second article
further clarifies what this
determination means stating that as of
this date as of this announcement all
types of currency issuance financially a
financing activity shall cease
immediately so this has taken effect
already they are not allowed to issue
out these icos
so perhaps they'll have to go to other
countries to do these icy OHS but it is
something that we'll need to pay close
attention to because you could have
other countries doing the same thing
does this mean that what's happening
with Bitcoin right now is a problem like
well Bitcoin
you know take a beating as a result well
you could see what's happened with the
stock because of that uncertainty it's
already in business is already
infrastructure there but don't worry the
central banks will use their power will
use their might in order to put their
foot down on this I don't know what
they're going to do exactly but it seems
like they will attack the exchanges they
will be going that route the exchanges
they can say that they are conducting
illegal activity if they want they could
say that no no what you're doing here is
you're trading as they say at the bottom
here virtual currencies for fiat
currencies and that is a big problem the
third article states that the regulation
on trading platforms shall be tightened
as of this date trading platforms shall
not conduct any exchange business
between fiat money they actually say
that fiat money and virtual currencies
they should not provide information and
price for virtual currency trading you
can't even list the pricing for what
that would be just hiding it trying to
get it away from people's hands from
people's eyes just forget about it move
on to something else something that we
control get into the stock market get
into the bond market don't get into
digital currencies they're bad whatever
your opinion is you know you're entitled
to that all I'm saying is that it seems
like this is really being demonized and
that really raises my eyebrows a little
bit and just seeing you know what's
really going on here let's move on to
very the last chart I see us on a rocket
ship companies raise at least 1.25
billion dollars this year in initial
coin offerings you could see where the
trend is going it's very clear I don't
know what's going to happen with all
these new i CEOs I know that a lot of
them are garbage I know that a lot of
them will not be around in the future
but it doesn't really put a sort of
blanket over all of them saying they're
all garbage you know we need to
understand that businesses and jobs are
being created around this and I think
that the whole infrastructure itself
it's being set up for digital currencies
could be beneficial at some point I just
don't think that the government deeming
it to be you know something that's
nefarious is necessarily a smart idea
for the prosperity for liberty of
individuals they know they're trying to
protect people and I think that this is
not the case I mean this claim to want
to protect people but that is not the
case they allow money laundering they
allow all these nefarious activities to
go on every single day on their
platforms you saw what happened recently
a few years ago with Wells Fargo
Wachovia 380 billion dollars or so
smuggled through we know the the truth
behind all of this I mean I just thought
it was interesting I wanted to bring it
to you once again there's a lot of
negativity my way whenever I bring up a
video like this I'm just reporting on it
the you know your opinion doesn't even
matter my opinion doesn't matter
all I'm saying is that we need to just
follow what's happening with it because
I'm interested in seeing the way that
these governments are able to really
manipulate and mold the ideas of people
simply by doing something like this what
they've done today if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up I
appreciate that very much if you support
my freedom of speech give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative you could flip through
these books at Amazon the links are in
the description below the first book is
about the four asset classes and how to
profit from them whereas my new book
gets into the money GPS strategy and
that is becoming self-sufficient solar
panels and much more so once again the
links are in the description I've got
links to you know my D Tube steam it and
my vid me everything there's all down
there in the links check it out
take care